README.md, before:

# Numbers game from the gameshow Countdown

Designed for desktop using Electron JS, but will work in browsers (not designed for mobile use at this time. Focus was for readability on large displays). Intended for classroom or party settings. 

## How to use: 
Timer - Toggles timer on/off. Standard rules give 30 seconds to solve puzzle

Rules - Displays the rules of the game

Demo - Shows simple puzzle for demonstration purposes

Hard Mode - Replaces standard large numbers with 12, 37, 62, 87

Set - Sets desired number of large numbers for puzzle based on selection, then populates rest of slots with 
small numbers.

Play - Generates target number and starts timer

Reset - Resets everything to default (clears target and selected numbers, resets timer)

View (desktop app only) - Allows for zooming in and out

## Code Louisiville requirements:

-Create an array, dictionary or list, populate it with multiple values, retrieve at least one value, and use or display it in your application

-Create and use a function that accepts two or more values (parameters), calculates or determines a new value based on those inputs, and returns a new value

-Uses Electron to desploy as a desktop app (node_modules and dist folders excluded from git repo due to size)

Commit message:

added styling. Added timer reset button. Changed timer duration set button. Moved CSS and JS files into their own folders.

README.md, after:

# Numbers game from the gameshow Countdown
Designed for desktop using Electron JS, but will work in browsers (not designed for mobile use at this time. Focus was for readability on large displays). Intended for classroom or party settings. 

## Requirments
NodeJS and Electron. In order to run this program, you will need to have Node and Electron installed. Node can be downloaded from https://nodejs.org/en/download/. Once installed, Electron can be installed via NPM using the command "npm install electron --save-dev" via a terminal/command prompt. Once done, you can run the app using the command "npm start" from within the name "Numbers" folder. 

## How to use: 
Timer - Toggles timer on/off. Standard rules give 30 seconds to solve puzzle

Rules - Displays the rules of the game

Demo - Shows simple puzzle for demonstration purposes

Hard Mode - Replaces standard large numbers with 12, 37, 62, 87

Set - Sets desired number of large numbers for puzzle based on selection, then populates rest of slots with 
small numbers.

Play - Generates target number and starts timer

Reset - Resets everything to default (clears target and selected numbers, resets timer)

View (desktop app only) - Allows for zooming in and out

## Code Louisiville requirements:
-Create an array, dictionary or list, populate it with multiple values, retrieve at least one value, and use or display it in your application

-Create and use a function that accepts two or more values (parameters), calculates or determines a new value based on those inputs, and returns a new value

-Develop your project using a common JavaScript framework such as React, Angular, Vue, etc.(Electron)
